gh-134637: make PyCFuncPtr_call lock free in ctypes (#134702)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-05-26-17-06-40.gh-issue-134637.9-3zRL.rst

> Fix performance regression in calling ``ctypes._CFuncPtr`` in free-threading.

Reviewer: Up to you, but I like to keep internal details away from changelog readers:
```suggestion
Fix performance regression in calling a :mod:`ctypes` function pointer in :term:`free threading`.
```
